ReadMe.md, before:

**DO NOT GRADE // NOT FINISHED YET**

**What we have done:**
 - scrape data DANIEL
 - format scraped data DANIEL
 - pass data through to student class DANIEL
 - student class RYAN
 - print out finished arrays RYAN
 - count number of students wanting each session RYAN
 - assigned and scheduled the students and seminars DANIEL

**Timeline of our project:**
- Ryan and Daniel brainstormed the workload and methods on an IPad
- Then Daniel worked on scraping the csv file while Ryan worked on the Student Class
- Ryan also outlined a method for formatting the finished product
- Daniel finished scraping the data into a Student array while Ryan finished up working on totaling the wantedness of each seminar
- Ryan and Daniel then brainstormed with some other groups on ways to tackle the actual assigning of students to a seminar with minimal conflicts
- With the help of Ryan's code, Daniel came up with the idea and began working on the actual implementation
- Daniel finished the scheduling and titied up the program

Commit message:

updated timeline and added idea

ReadMe.md, after:

**FILE USED IN THE FINISHED PROGRAM: Schedule.java, Student.java, Tester.java, Scrape.java, Data1.csv**

**What we have done:**
 - Scrape.java and Data1.csv DANIEL
 - - ReadMe.md RYAN
 - createRooms() DANIEL
 - Student.java RYAN
 - assignStudents() DANIEL
 - Choice1.java Choice2.java RYAN
 - makeSchedule() DANIEL
 - Format.java RYAN
 - printSchedule() DANIEL
 - StudentTester.java RYAN
 - showSeminars() DANIEL
 - titied and combined DANIEL

**Timeline of our project:**
- Ryan and Daniel brainstormed the workload and methods on an IPad
- Then Daniel worked on scraping the csv file while Ryan worked on the Student Class
- Ryan also outlined a method for formatting the finished product
- Daniel finished scraping the data into a Student array while Ryan finished up working on totaling the wantedness of each seminar
- Ryan and Daniel then brainstormed with some other groups on ways to tackle the actual assigning of students to a seminar with minimal conflicts
- With the help of Ryan's code, Daniel came up with the idea and began working on the actual implementation
- Daniel finished Schedule.java and UI

They both added comments throughout

**Our basic idea**
To try and optimize the students happiness and the scheduling, Ryan wrote code to count the people who chose each seminar while Daniel came up with a solution.
In short, the top few coveted seminars are presented twice and the schedule is formatted to guarentee no overlaps in time slots. If a student does not get a certain seminar, they are randomly placed in one of the least populated seminars.

After running the program, I believe the implementation guarentees everyone their 1, 2, and 3rd most wanted choices, with only a handful of students missing out on their 4th and 5th choice.
